NOTES :

    In java the name of the class starts with capiptal alphabet 
    and name of the function begins with small alphabet

    Properties and methods of the class are known as the 'data' and the 'members' of the class
    Data    -> Data Stored like string , int and all
    Members -> Functions of the class
                
    Creating an OBJECT from the clas 'Pen'
    Syntax for creating and object is : 
    type objectname = new Constructor(); ( where the type is the classname ; where Constructor is the class name)
                
    to call a PROPERTY or a METHOD from the class of the object following is the syntax
    objectname.property = value;
    objectname.method(); 

        CONSTRUCTORS are the functions that make objects

            Properties of a CONSTRUCTOR
                1. Name of the constructor is same as the class name
                2. Constructors do not return anything and they don't have any return type like int, String or Void...
                3. For one object only one constructors ca be called once

            Types of CONSTRUCTOR
                1. Non parameterized Constructors : Constructors which doesn't contain any parameters

                        Student(){
                            System.out.println("");
                        }

                2. Parameterized Constructors 

                        Student(String name, int age){
                            this.name = name;
                            this.age = age;
                        }

                3. Copy Constructor : Copy an object and paste in other 
                        
                        Student(Student s2){
                            this.name = s2.name;
                            this.age = s2.age;
                        }
            
            CONSTRUCTOR CHAINING
            - If you create a constructor then first the base class constructor is called and then the derived class constructor is called.
    
    Types of error 
    1. Runtime error
        - Error which occurs after running a code 
    
    2. Compile time error 
        - Error which occurs while compiling the code 

    
